We have 151 pokemons. 
Treating the pokemon: Abra 
Treating the pokemon: Aerodactyl 
Treating the pokemon: Alakazam 
Treating the pokemon: Arbok 
Treating the pokemon: Arcanine 
Treating the pokemon: Articuno 
Treating the pokemon: Beedrill 
Treating the pokemon: Bellsprout 
Treating the pokemon: Blastoise 
Treating the pokemon: Bulbasaur 
Treating the pokemon: Butterfree 
Treating the pokemon: Caterpie 
Treating the pokemon: Chansey 
Treating the pokemon: Charizard 
Treating the pokemon: Charmander 
Treating the pokemon: Charmeleon 
Treating the pokemon: Clefable 
Treating the pokemon: Clefairy 
Treating the pokemon: Cloyster 
Treating the pokemon: Cubone 
Treating the pokemon: Dewgong 
Treating the pokemon: Diglett 
Treating the pokemon: Ditto 
Treating the pokemon: Dodrio 
Treating the pokemon: Doduo 
Treating the pokemon: Dragonair 
Treating the pokemon: Dragonite 
Treating the pokemon: Dratini 
Treating the pokemon: Drowzee 
Treating the pokemon: Dugtrio 
Treating the pokemon: Eevee 
Treating the pokemon: Ekans 
Treating the pokemon: Electabuzz 
Treating the pokemon: Electrode 
Treating the pokemon: Exeggcute 
Treating the pokemon: Exeggutor 
Treating the pokemon: Farfetch'd 
Treating the pokemon: Fearow 
Treating the pokemon: Flareon 
Treating the pokemon: Gastly 
Treating the pokemon: Gengar 
Treating the pokemon: Geodude 
Treating the pokemon: Gloom 
Treating the pokemon: Golbat 
Treating the pokemon: Goldeen 
Treating the pokemon: Golduck 
Treating the pokemon: Golem 
Treating the pokemon: Graveler 
Treating the pokemon: Grimer 
Treating the pokemon: Growlithe 
Treating the pokemon: Gyarados 
Treating the pokemon: Haunter 
Treating the pokemon: Hitmonchan 
Treating the pokemon: Hitmonlee 
Treating the pokemon: Horsea 
Treating the pokemon: Hypno 
Treating the pokemon: Ivysaur 
Treating the pokemon: Jigglypuff 
Treating the pokemon: Jolteon 
Treating the pokemon: Jynx 
Treating the pokemon: Kabuto 
Treating the pokemon: Kabutops 
Treating the pokemon: Kadabra 
Treating the pokemon: Kakuna 
Treating the pokemon: Kangaskhan 
Treating the pokemon: Kingler 
Treating the pokemon: Koffing 
Treating the pokemon: Krabby 
Treating the pokemon: Lapras 
Treating the pokemon: Lickitung 
Treating the pokemon: Machamp 
Treating the pokemon: Machoke 
Treating the pokemon: Machop 
!!! The image file http://www.serebii.net/pokemongo/pokemon/-066.png does not exist. It was replaced with the placeholder_img...!!!
Treating the pokemon: Magikarp 
Treating the pokemon: Magmar 
Treating the pokemon: Magnemite 
Treating the pokemon: Magneton 
Treating the pokemon: Mankey 
Treating the pokemon: Marowak 
Treating the pokemon: Meowth 
Treating the pokemon: Metapod 
!!! The image file http://www.serebii.net/pokemongo/pokemon/-011.png does not exist. It was replaced with the placeholder_img...!!!
Treating the pokemon: Mew 
!!! The image file http://www.serebii.net/pokemongo/pokemon/-151.png does not exist. It was replaced with the placeholder_img...!!!
Treating the pokemon: Mewtwo 
Treating the pokemon: Moltres 
Treating the pokemon: Mr. Mime 
Treating the pokemon: Muk 
Treating the pokemon: Nidoking 
Treating the pokemon: Nidoqueen 
Treating the pokemon: Nidoran \u2640 (Female) 
Treating the pokemon: Nidoran \u2642 (Male) 
Treating the pokemon: Nidorina 
Treating the pokemon: Nidorino 
Treating the pokemon: Ninetales 
Treating the pokemon: Oddish 
Treating the pokemon: Omanyte 
Treating the pokemon: Omastar 
!!! The image file http://www.serebii.net/pokemongo/pokemon/-139.png does not exist. It was replaced with the placeholder_img...!!!
Treating the pokemon: Onix 
Treating the pokemon: Paras 
Treating the pokemon: Parasect 
Treating the pokemon: Persian 
Treating the pokemon: Pidgeot 
Treating the pokemon: Pidgeotto 
Treating the pokemon: Pidgey 
Treating the pokemon: Pikachu 
Treating the pokemon: Pinsir 
Treating the pokemon: Poliwag 
Treating the pokemon: Poliwhirl 
Treating the pokemon: Poliwrath 
Treating the pokemon: Ponyta 
Treating the pokemon: Porygon 
Treating the pokemon: Primeape 
Treating the pokemon: Psyduck 
Treating the pokemon: Raichu 
Treating the pokemon: Rapidash 
Treating the pokemon: Raticate 
Treating the pokemon: Rattata 
Treating the pokemon: Rhydon 
Treating the pokemon: Rhyhorn 
Treating the pokemon: Sandshrew 
Treating the pokemon: Sandslash 
Treating the pokemon: Scyther 
Treating the pokemon: Seadra 
Treating the pokemon: Seaking 
Treating the pokemon: Seel 
Treating the pokemon: Shellder 
Treating the pokemon: Slowbro 
!!! The image file http://www.serebii.net/pokemongo/pokemon/-080.png does not exist. It was replaced with the placeholder_img...!!!
Treating the pokemon: Slowpoke 
Treating the pokemon: Snorlax 
Treating the pokemon: Spearow 
Treating the pokemon: Squirtle 
Treating the pokemon: Starmie 
Treating the pokemon: Staryu 
Treating the pokemon: Tangela 
Treating the pokemon: Tauros 
Treating the pokemon: Tentacool 
Treating the pokemon: Tentacruel 
Treating the pokemon: Vaporeon 
!!! The image file http://www.serebii.net/pokemongo/pokemon/134.png does not exist. It was replaced with the placeholder_img...!!!
Treating the pokemon: Venomoth 
Treating the pokemon: Venonat 
Treating the pokemon: Venusaur 
Treating the pokemon: Victreebel 
Treating the pokemon: Vileplume 
Treating the pokemon: Voltorb 
Treating the pokemon: Vulpix 
Treating the pokemon: Wartortle 
Treating the pokemon: Weedle 
Treating the pokemon: Weepinbell 
Treating the pokemon: Weezing 
Treating the pokemon: Wigglytuff 
Treating the pokemon: Zapdos 
Treating the pokemon: Zubat 
All done.
